[Service Bus] Remove atomManagementApi references in 1.x (#7992)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/servicebus/service-bus/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 1.1.5 (2020-03-24)

> - Removed the management api features and interfaces from the API surface that have been accidentally exported in the previous versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed interfaces related to unreleased management api features from the API surface that were accidentally exported in version 1.1.3
```
